masters from the east as is well known
many of the staples Western culture
actually originated in the east
these include papyrus the compass
gunpowder tectonic dance and mobile
phone technology did you know that
buddha's various hand gestures inspired
different styles of mobile phones you
see today
clamshell slider
full touch love west side in a quiet
workshop in Far East Asia a master and
his apprentice are making the full touch
mobile phone using traditional methods
The Apprentice refines a very special
type of wood to ensure a quality frame
for the mobile phone this method goes
back five generations of the Masters
family line to begin the master and his
apprentice carve a tree to make a shape
of a mobile phone
after carving the master paints the body
of the wooden frame using black ink the
wooden frame is soaked in pomegranate
juice for three days resulting in the
red stained bottom and top finally it's
time to make the touchscreen the master
pours a special mixture into the mold
made with ginseng the jujube sesame oil
and salt on the surface he places flower
petals which will later transform into
beautiful icons after three days of
firing the phone in a kiln at 1,000
degrees Celsius a perfect phone emerges
from the ashes at last the body now has
glossy black and sleek appearance to
breathe life into the fold the master
applies acupuncture needles to the
appropriate pressure points to release
the trapped energy the phone has been
given light the next day the master
greets a guest visiting from the city
while observing strict courtesy the
finished mobile phone is handed over the
phone makes its way to the city but we
shall never forget the effort and
craftsmanship that have gone into the
birth of such a masterpiece quality
mobile phone